REQUIREMENTS

perl 5.6.0+
IPC::Run (perl module)
vim with +signs compiled in.


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install
    cp vim/*.vim yourVimPluginDir

Also make sure that the debuggers you intend to use are in your path so that
VimDebug can invoke them.


# the following is deprecated.  don't read:
DEBUGGER SPECIFIC INSTALL NOTES

pdb (python debugger)

   you need to set $dbgrPath in Pdb.pm if your pdb.py isn't located in
   /usr/lib/python2.2


jdb (java debugger)

   if the code you are editing is in more than one directory, you are going
   to want to do the following stuff:

      - you will probably want to specify your classpath in the environment
        variable CLASSPATH.  you could however pass it on the command line
        using <Leader>s (see the README file).

      - you will probably want to specify a source path so jdb knows where to
        find your source code.  if you specify these directories in a ":"
        seperated list (";" seperated list if you are on windows) in the
        SOURCEPATH environment variable, vimDebug always uses the option
        -sourcepath $SOURCEPATH (or -sourcepath %SOURCEPATH% on windows)
        whenever it invokes jdb.

      - in your vimrc you need to add your SOURCEPATH to the path.  so,
        assuming you have a SOURCEPATH environment variable setup already,
        you could just add this line to your .vimrc:
           set path+=$SOURCEPATH

        (technical babble: the reason this is necessary is that, for example,
        when stepping, jdb doesn't report the current line number and a file
        name.  instead it gives back a class name and the line number indicates
        how many lines from the beginning of that class.  so when vimDebug
        tries to highlight the next line code when you are stepping, it takes
        the class name jdb gave, adds a .java and searches the path for
        a file like that (:help find).  this means that debugging is probably
        foobared if you are using nested classes or more than one class per
        file.  suggestions?)





